♪ ♪
‐ RIGHT HERE, GENTLEMEN.
LET'S CUT THROUGH THE B. S. HERE.
HOW DO YOU FEEL
ABOUT THE SHUTDOWN
OF THE EAST DILLON PROGRAM?
‐ THAT'S A STUPID QUESTION.
WHAT DO YOU THINK?
‐ IT'S A CONSPIRACY.
‐ YEAH.
‐ IT'S A CONSPIRACY?
‐ VINCE, VINCE,
I'VE SEEN
THAT STERLING KID PLAY.
YOU TWO PAIRED UP
IN THE SAME BACKFIELD
IS GONNA MAKE
A HELL OF A TANDEM.
‐ HE'S A PANTHER.
‐ I KNOW, BUT I WAS THINKING
MORE ALONG THE LINES
OF NEXT YEAR, THE FORMATION
OF THE SO‐CALLED SUPER TEAM,
THE BEST OF THE LIONS,
BEST OF THE PANTHERS.
‐ I DON'T REALLY WANT
TO TALK ABOUT THAT.
I WANT TO TALK ABOUT
HOW THE EAST DILLON LIONS
ARE GONNA WIN STATE.
‐ IS THAT A PROMISE?
‐ IT'S A FACT.
‐ I HEAR THEY'RE TAKING
THE CREAM OF THE CROP
FOR THIS NEW SUPER TEAM,
SO I'M GONNA BE HONEST WITH YOU.
WHAT ARE YOU GONNA DO?
‐ YOU ARE A TOTAL JACKASS.
‐ TINKER, COME ON.
CAREFUL.
COME ON, MAN.
‐ IT'D BE A MISTAKE
IF HE DIDN'T PLAY.
‐ HOW DO YOU ADDRESS
THE FUTURE OF THIS TEAM
BEYOND THE STATE CHAMPIONSHIP?
‐ I'M NOT LOOKING BEYOND STATE.
‐ KNOWING HIM,
THAT'S PROBABLY
ALL HE'S REALLY THINKING
ABOUT RIGHT NOW.
‐ EXCUSE ME, COACH.
WE'VE ALL HEARD A RUMOR HERE
THAT YOU'VE BEEN OFFERED
A HELL OF A DEAL.
YOU GOT TO ADDRESS THAT.
WE WANT TO KNOW.
‐ I HAVE NO COMMENT
ON THAT, FELLAS.
I HAVE NO COMMENT.
I DON'T WANT TO MAKE
A COMMENT ON THAT.
‐ WILL YOU CONFIRM OR DENY‐‐
‐ I'LL END IT WITH THIS:
NO COMMENT.
‐ COACH?
‐ A FIVE‐YEAR CONTRACT.
THAT'S NOT SOMETHING
THAT COMES ALONG EVERY DAY.
‐ I'M NOT SAYING THAT.
‐ A FIVE‐YEAR CONTRACT
MEANS SECURITY.
IT MEANS YOU CAN HAVE
THAT HIS AND HER CLOSET
THAT YOU WANTED SO MUCH.
‐ I APPRECIATE THAT,
BUT YOU KNOW WHAT?
I BET THEY'D SET US
UP PRETTY NICELY
IN PHILADELPHIA TOO,
COLLEGE STYLE.
‐ FIVE YEARS IS SOMETHING
THAT YOU
HAVE TO PAY ATTENTION TO.
‐ BUT DON'T FORGET THAT
THE PEOPLE OFFERING YOU
THIS CONTRACT ARE ALSO
THE PEOPLE
WHO FIRED YOU FOR NO REASON
TWO YEARS AGO.
‐ THEY ARE NOT THE SAME PEOPLE.
THAT'S THE MCCOYS.
THE MCCOYS AREN'T THERE.
THAT'S AN ENTIRELY DIFFERENT
SITUATION.
YOU'RE WRONG.
‐ THIS IS NOT A WHOLE
DIFFERENT SITUATION.
‐ IT'S A COMPLETELY DIFFERENT
SITUATION.
‐ WHO HAS CHANGED IN THIS TOWN?
LISTEN.
YOU ALWAYS SAID THAT YOU COULD
COACH FOOTBALL ANYWHERE.
I DON'T SEE WHY PHILADELPHIA
WOULD BE ANY DIFFERENT.
‐ BECAUSE HERE IS WHERE WE
PUT OUR TREE, NOT PHILADELPHIA.
‐ LET'S‐‐JULES,
I'D LOVE TO HEAR WHAT YOU‐‐
‐ THAT'S A TEXAS TREE.
‐ DON'T RAISE YOUR VOICE.
WE'RE DECORATING THE TREE.
‐ I'M NOT RAISING MY VOICE.
‐ THIS IS A FAMILY‐‐
‐ I'M VERY HAPPY.
[doorbell rings]
IT'S JOLLY.
SOMEONE'S AT THE DOOR.
HANG ON!
‐ I'LL GET THE DOOR.
I'LL GET IT!
‐ NO, I'LL HELP YOU.
‐ HEY, MATT.
HOW ARE YOU?
‐ I'M WELL. THANK YOU.
‐ OH, MERRY, MERRY,
MERRY CHRISTMAS.
IT'S MATT SARACEN, HONEY.
‐ I SEE WHO IT IS, SWEETHEART.
‐ HAPPY, HAPPY CHRISTMAS.
‐ I WISH YOU WOULD HAVE
AT LEAST TOLD ME
YOU WERE COMING HOME
FOR CHRISTMAS.
I MEAN, THE SURPRISE WAS NICE,
BUT AT LEAST
WE COULD HAVE PLANNED SOMETHING
OR GONE SOMEWHERE.
‐ HEY, JULIE.
UM...
LOOK, EVER SINCE YOU CAME
TO CHICAGO, UH...
I'VE BEEN‐‐I'VE BEEN THINKING
ABOUT YOU ALL THE TIME.
US.
AND IT'S JUST
THAT WAS PERFECT.
AND...
I KNOW HOW MUCH I LOVE YOU
AND I KNOW
THAT I WANT TO BE WITH YOU
FOR‐‐FOREVER.
SO...
THIS IS‐‐THIS IS GRANDMA'S.
JULIE TAYLOR...
WILL YOU MARRY ME?
‐ [sniffs]
YES.
‐ YEAH?
REALLY?
I LOVE YOU.
‐ I LOVE YOU SO MUCH.
♪ ♪
IT'S BEAUTIFUL.
‐ [chuckles]
‐ OH, MY GOD.
[chuckles]
OH, MY GOD.
MY DAD MUST HAVE FLIPPED.
‐ WHAT DO YOU MEAN?
‐ WHEN YOU ASKED HIM
TO MARRY ME.
‐ YOU'RE KIDDING, RIGHT?
‐ NO, YOU ASKED HIM,
RIGHT?
‐ NO.
I THOUGHT THAT WAS JUST,
LIKE,
AN OLD WIVES' TALE.
‐ OH, OKAY, OKAY.
UM, WHY DON'T‐‐
WHY DON'T WE JUST PRETEND THAT
YOU NEVER ASKED ME
AND I NEVER SAID YES
AND YOU CAN ASK HIM?
‐ WHY DON'T WE JUST GO THERE
TOGETHER AND TELL HIM,
"HEY, WE'RE GETTING MARRIED"?
‐ YOU NEED TO DO IT
MAN‐TO‐MAN.
‐ O‐OKAY.
♪ ♪
‐ COULD YOU PLEASE NOT
THROW MY TOOLS AROUND?
‐ THOUGHT YOU SAID YOU WERE
GONNA TAKE CARE
OF MY TRUCK, BILLY,
WHILE I WAS GONE.
‐ WELL, I DID TAKE CARE OF IT.
IF YOU DIDN'T DRIVE AROUND LIKE
AN IDIOT ALL THE TIME,
MAYBE IT'D BE RUNNING
FINE STILL.
‐ I HATE YOUR TOOLS.
‐ I DON'T EVEN KNOW WHY YOU CARE
ABOUT THIS TRUCK.
YOU'RE NOT EVEN GONNA BE HERE.
YOU'RE GOING TO ALASKA,
I THOUGHT.
‐ I MAY OR MAY NOT BE GOING
TO ALASKA.
‐ IS IT 'CAUSE YOU RAW‐DOGGED
TYRA THE OTHER NIGHT?
[baby crying]
HEY, BUDDY.
‐ DON'T SLEEP WITH MY SISTER.
THAT'S, LIKE, INCEST NOW.
‐ IT'S NOT INCEST.
NO, THERE'S NO BLOODLINE, SO.
‐ THERE'S NO BLOODLINE.
‐ YEAH.
‐ IT'S REALLY, REALLY CREEPY.
‐ WELL, MAYBE,
BUT IT'S NOT INCEST.
‐ HEY, WHAT DO YOU THINK ABOUT
ME TAKING STEVIE FOR A BIT?
FOR THE DAY?
‐ I'M FINE WITH THAT.
THERE'S NO GOING BACK.
‐ ALL RIGHT.
‐ I'M GETTING A BAG.
‐ WELL, YOU'RE WORKING
ON THE FUEL LINE.
IT'S NOT THE FUEL LINE.
IT'S GOT TO BE
THE ACCELERATION PUMP.
‐ WE CUT EVERYTHING
IN HALF TODAY, ALL RIGHT?
WE'RE GOING QUICK.
WE'RE GOING HARD.
‐ I SAY WE GO WIN
A CHAMPIONSHIP.
‐ LET'S GO WIN OUR CHAMPIONSHIP.
‐ ALL RIGHT.
‐ WE GONNA HAVE
A BAR IN THE HOTEL?
‐ YES.
‐ EXCUSE ME.
‐ UM, YES OR NO?
AM I GOING WITH YOU OR NOT?
‐ GOING WHERE?
‐ TO THE PANTHERS,
THE SUPER TEAM?
‐ WHO SAID ANYTHING
ABOUT THAT?
‐ COACH, EVERYONE'S
TALKING ABOUT THAT.
‐ NOW THAT'S JUST RUMORS.
I WOULDN'T BE LISTENING
TO RUMORS.
‐ WELL, IF THE RUMORS HAPPEN
TO BE TRUE,
WILL YOU CONSIDER IT?
‐ YEAH, I'LL TELL YOU WHAT.
I HEAR WHAT YOU'RE SAYING,
BUT YOU COULDN'T
BE PICKING A WORSE TIME
TO BE BRINGING THAT UP.
IT'S ALREADY
UNDER CONSIDERATION.
[door opens]
‐ [gasps]
WHAT'S THAT?
‐ WHAT'S THAT?
‐ OH!
LOOK AT WHO'S HERE.
‐ HEY.
‐ HI, MY BOY.
HI, THERE, SWEETHEART.
THANK YOU FOR MY LITTLE
CHRISTMAS PRESENT.
‐ HELLO.
‐ THANK YOU.
TYRA!
TYRA, COME ON OUT HERE.
‐ MAMA?
‐ COME ON OUT HERE.
‐ [gasps]
NO.
HI.
HI, TIM.
HEY, BABY.
‐ YEAH, WE WERE
IN THE NEIGHBORHOOD,
SO JUST DECIDED TO STOP BY.
‐ GOOD, I'M SO GLAD.
YOU WANT A BEER, HONEY?
SIT DOWN.
‐ SURE, THANK YOU. THANK YOU.
WHAT ARE YOU DOING
TOMORROW NIGHT?
‐ UM, I ACTUALLY AM SUPPOSED
TO GO TO BUDDY'S
WITH, UM, MATT AND JULIE.
‐ SEVEN'S IN TOWN?
‐ YEAH.
YEAH, HE AND JULIE GOT ENGAGED.
‐ ARE YOU SERIOUS?
‐ YEP.
‐ OH, SOMEBODY
HAS A POOPY DIAPER.
HONEY?
‐ I GOT IT, MAMA.
‐ WILL YOU COME TAKE HIM?
‐ MM‐HMM.
‐ YEAH, MY DAYS OF CHANGING
DIAPERS ARE OVER.
‐ HERE.
COME HERE, LITTLE MAN.
‐ YEAH.
‐ COME HERE, BEAUTIFUL BOY.
‐ BUT BRING HIM BACK.
‐ SO, UH‐‐SO I GUESS I'LL SEE
YOU THERE TOMORROW NIGHT THEN?
‐ YEAH, OF COURSE.
‐ SIR, I'VE KNOWN
YOUR DAUGHTER
FOR A VERY LONG TIME NOW.
AHEM.
AND‐‐AHEM.
I KNOW‐‐YOU'VE KNOWN ME
FOR A LONG TIME TOO,
SINCE I WAS YOUNG.
‐ MM‐HMM.
‐ BUT NOT THAT I'M OLD.
I'M NOT OLD NOW, BUT I'M‐‐
I'M VERY MATURE FOR MY AGE.
I'D LIKE YOUR PERMISSION
TO MARRY YOUR DAUGHTER, SIR.
‐ [laughs]
YOU‐‐YOU WHAT?
YOU WHAT?
SAY IT AGAIN.
‐ I WOULD LIKE TO MARRY JULIE.
I LOVE HER COMPLETELY AND I'M
GONNA TAKE CARE OF HER
FOR THE REST OF HER LIFE,
SO I JUST WOULD REALLY LIKE‐‐
I'D LIKE YOUR BLESSING
TO ASK HER
TO MARRY ME...SIR.
‐ MATT, HOW OLD ARE YOU?
‐ 19.
‐ YOU'RE ONLY 19 YEARS OLD?
‐ YES, SIR.
‐ MATT, HOW OLD'S MY DAUGHTER?
‐ 18.
‐ SHE'S 18.
‐ YES, SIR.
‐ THE ANSWER TO YOUR QUESTION
IS NO.
AND THE ANSWER TO YOUR QUESTION
IS GONNA BE NO TODAY,
IT'S GONNA BE NO TOMORROW,
AND IT'LL PROBABLY BE NO UNTIL
THE SUN BURNS OUT.
IS THAT CLEAR?
‐ WELL, THE THING IS, SIR,
WE DON'T ACTUALLY
NEED YOUR PERMISSION.
‐ YOU DAMN WELL DO NEED
MY PERMISSION.
‐ NO, WE ACTUALLY DON'T
AND I ALREADY ASKED HER.
SHE ALREADY SAID YES,
SO YOU KNOW,
THIS IS REALLY
JUST A COURTESY.
JUST HOPING
FOR YOUR BLESSING.
‐ LET ME DO YOU
THE COURTESY
OF TELLING YOU THAT MY
DAUGHTER'S ANSWER TO YOU IS NO.
[door closes]
DAMN IT!
‐ HEY, HONEY.
YOU KNOW,
I WANTED TO TALK TO YOU
ABOUT WHAT YOU SAID ABOUT US NOT
BEING EAST COAST PEOPLE.
I MEAN, YOU KNOW HOW MUCH
I LOVE TEXAS.
I LOVE IT HERE SO MUCH,
BUT WE WILL NEVER KNOW
IF WE'RE NOT
EAST COAST PEOPLE‐‐
‐ WE'VE GOT A REALLY
BIG PROBLEM.
‐ WE CAN ALWAYS COME BACK.
‐ WE HAVE GOT A MUCH
BIGGER PROBLEM
THAN WHAT
YOU'RE TALKING ABOUT.
‐ WHAT?
‐ MATT SARACEN ASKED YOUR
DAUGHTER TO MARRY HIM.
‐ JULIE?
‐ WHAT ARE YOU TALKING ABOUT?
NO, GRACIE.
YES, JULIE.
HE CAME INTO MY OFFICE TODAY
AND HE ASKED FOR JULIE'S HAND
IN MARRIAGE.
HE ASKED ME FOR HER HAND
‐ AT LEAST HE HAD THE DECENCY
TO COME TALK TO YOU ABOUT IT.
‐ NO, HE DIDN'T HAVE ANY DECENCY
TO COME TALK TO ME,
'CAUSE HE ALREADY TALKED
TO HER.
AND YOU KNOW WHAT
YOUR DAUGHTER SAID?
YOUR DAUGHTER SAID YES.
‐ NO.
‐ OH, YES.
‐ YES.
‐ NO.
‐ YES, YES.
‐ THEY'RE TOO YOUNG.
‐ THAT'S WHAT I SAID!
‐ HONEY, WHAT'D YOU TELL HIM?
‐ I SAID, "OH, GREAT.
LET'S BREAK OUT SOME CHAMPAGNE.
THIS IS GONNA BE FANTASTIC."
‐ I DON'T KNOW WHY YOU'RE
YELLING AT ME!
I THINK WE AGREE ON THIS!
[knock on door]
‐ HEY.
‐ [sighs]
‐ SO YOUR DAD TOLD ME THE NEWS.
‐ DID MATT TALK TO DAD?
‐ MM‐HMM.
‐ DID DAD FLIP?
‐ [chuckles]
‐ HONEY.
‐ DID YOU SEE THE RING?
IT WAS HIS GRANDMA'S.
‐ THAT'S BEAUTIFUL, HON.
IT'S JUST Y'ALL ARE SO YOUNG.
‐ I KNOW THAT IT SEEMS
LIKE THAT, BUT...
I LOVE HIM MORE
THAN ANYTHING, MOM.
‐ WELL, YOUR DAD AND I
WOULD LOVE
TO TAKE YOU AND MATT
TO DINNER.
‐ AS LIKE A‐‐LIKE
A CELEBRATION DINNER?
‐ MORE LIKE
A CONVERSATION DINNER.
‐ OKAY.
‐ I SAID, "NO, NO, NO, NO.
YOU GOT AN ARM, RIGHT?
YOU GOT TO USE THAT ARM."
NOW HE LET OUT A BULLET RIGHT
IN THE NUMBERS, BOY.
‐ YO, POP.
‐ CROWD WENT CRAZY.
‐ CAN I TALK TO YOU
FOR A SECOND?
‐ YOU DON'T GOT TO COME OUT HERE
CHECKING UP ON ME, BOY.
NOW, WHAT YOU WANT, MAN?
YOU JUST GON' STAND HERE?
‐ WE GOT STATE ON FRIDAY.
‐ YEAH, I KNOW YOU
GOT STATE ON FRIDAY.
YOU KNOW?
I LIVE HERE.
I HEARD ALL ABOUT IT.
‐ I GOT YOU A TICKET.
I WANT YOU TO BE THERE.
‐ I GOT THINGS TO DO ON THAT
DAY, MAN, YOU KNOW?
A LOT OF THINGS.
I'LL BE WATCHING.
‐ THANK YOU.
SEE YOU SOON.
‐ ALL RIGHT.
‐ HEY, TIM RIGGINS.
‐ SPROLES.
‐ HOW'S IT GOING?
HI.
‐ HI.
‐ I AM GONNA MISS THIS
LITTLE GUY.
‐ WHAT DO YOU MEAN "MISS"?
WHERE YOU GOING?
‐ HOME.
‐ HOME?
‐ YEAH, MY MOM'S COMING BACK,
SO‐‐WHAT ABOUT YOU?
I HEAR YOU'RE MOVING TO ALASKA.
‐ WHAT DO YOU THINK?
WE DON'T KNOW YET.
‐ [laughs]
‐ I DON'T KNOW.
‐ SO, UM, I DID THE WHOLE
HIGH SCHOOL THING.
YOU WERE RIGHT.
AND I'M REALLY
GLAD THAT I DID.
I'M FINALLY OVER MY CRUSH.
‐ OKAY.
‐ SO FRIENDS?
‐ LET'S SAY FAMILY.
I'LL SEE YOU, BECKS.
‐ SEE YOU.
‐ I CAN TELL
Y'ALL LOVE EACH OTHER,
AND I THINK
THAT'S WONDERFUL.
WE JUST DON'T WANT YOU
TO RUSH INTO ANYTHING,
'CAUSE YOU DON'T NEED TO.
‐ RIGHT AND WE'RE NOT RUSHING
INTO ANYTHING.
IT'S NOT LIKE WE'RE GETTING
MARRIED TOMORROW
AND YOU GUYS WERE OUR AGE
WHEN YOU GOT MARRIED.
‐ WELL, THAT WAS
A DIFFERENT TIME.
‐ WELL, AND WE WERE
A LITTLE BIT OLDER.
‐ YOU WERE STILL IN COLLEGE.
‐ THAT WAS A DIFFERENT TIME.
‐ IT'S JUST,
I LOVE YOUR DAUGHTER.
I LOVE JULIE
AND I WANT TO MARRY HER.
THAT'S IT.
‐ MAYBE YOU DON'T UNDERSTAND
EXACTLY WHAT I'M SAYING, MATT.
MARRIAGE REQUIRES MATURITY.
MARRIAGE REQUIRES
TWO PEOPLE,
WHO FOR THE REST
OF THEIR LIVES
ARE WILLING TO LISTEN.
TO REALLY LISTEN
TO EACH OTHER.
AND THAT MARRIAGE REQUIRES
THE GREATEST OF ALL THINGS,
WHICH IS COMPROMISE.
‐ WE'RE WILLING TO
MAKE IT WORK.
‐ HUH.
‐ LOOK AT YOU GUYS.
YOU GUYS WERE MARRIED
WHEN YOU WERE OUR AGE.
HOW MANY DIFFERENT JOBS
HAVE YOU HAD?
HOW MANY TIMES HAVE
YOU MOVED
AND HOW MANY DIFFICULT THINGS
HAVE YOU GONE THROUGH?
AND YOU GUYS HAVE
MADE IT WORK.
SO, WELL...
YOU GUYS ARE MY INSPIRATION.
‐ WOULD Y'ALL EXCUSE ME
FOR JUST A QUICK SECOND?
[cheers and applause]
‐ LISTEN UP, LADIES.
LADIES.
COACH TRAUB HERE
HAS YOUR TICKETS
TO THE STATE CHAMPIONSHIP GAME
THIS WEEK.
[cheers and applause]
THERE'S TWO TICKETS
FOR EVERYBODY.
IT'S FOR YOUR FAMILY,
FOR YOUR FRIENDS,
WHOEVER YOU WANT TO BRING,
SO WHEN I CALL YOUR NAME,
GET YOUR ASS UP HERE.
TINKER.
‐ TINKER!
‐ RODRIGUEZ.
‐ RODRIGUEZ!
‐ OLSEN.
‐ OLSEN!
‐ HOWARD.
‐ HOWARD!
‐ GARCIA.
‐ GARCIA!
‐ TWO TEARS IN A BUCKET.
LUCK IT.
‐ I ONLY NEED ONE, COACH.
‐ WHAT?
‐ I ONLY NEED ONE.
‐ ALL RIGHT.
ELLIS.
‐ ELLIS!
‐ EATON.
‐ EATON!
‐ CAFFERTY!
‐ FOSTER!
‐ DAVIS!
‐ HERNANDEZ!
[overlapping chatter]
‐ HEY, OKAY, REALLY?
WHAT Y'ALL MAKING
THIS MESS FOR?
‐ WE'RE GOING TO DALLAS.
‐ YEAH, WE'RE GOING TO DALLAS.
‐ WHAT ARE Y'ALL TALKING ABOUT?
‐ YOUR DADDY CALLED.
YOU KNOW THE FRANCHISE
HE STARTED IN DALLAS?
WELL, THAT THING TOOK OFF,
SO HE STARTED ANOTHER RAY'S
DOWN THERE
AND HE'S MOVING YOU ALL
TO LIVE WITH HIM.
‐ WHAT?
‐ HERE YOU GO.
[overlapping chatter]
‐ YOU AIN'T GON' MAKE THAT.
MM‐MMM. MM‐MMM.
MM‐MMM.
TOO MUCH GREEN, HUH?
TOO MUCH GREEN.
‐ YOUNG MAN GETS
A CHANCE AT THAT
MAYBE ONCE IN A LIFETIME.
‐ NO, I DON'T WANT TO HEAR IT.
‐ I'M SORRY.
WELL, IT'S THE TRUTH.
‐ [laughs]
WHAT IS HE DOING HERE?
‐ WHO'S THAT?
‐ THAT'S LUKE.
‐ HE'S A LITTLE HOTTIE.
‐ MOM.
‐ WELL, HE IS.
‐ WELL, YEAH.
BE COOL.
‐ I'M COOL.
‐ [chuckles]
WHAT ARE YOU DOING HERE?
WHAT'S ALL THIS?
‐ GOOD EVENING.
HOW YOU DOING?
I MISS YOU.
I'M CRAZY ABOUT YOU.
I'M‐‐
I WAS STUPID.
I'M REALLY SORRY.
‐ UH, HI.
I'M CHERYL.
‐ I'M LUKE.
VERY NICE TO MEET YOU.
‐ IT'S NICE TO MEET YOU TOO.
‐ WELCOME BACK.
‐ THANK YOU VERY MUCH.
HE'S A SWEETHEART.
‐ VERY NICE TO MEET YOU,
MA'AM.
[door opens and closes]
HEY.
I LOVE YOU.
I'M SO SORRY.
‐ IT'S OKAY.
‐ I WANT TO BE WITH YOU.
‐ YOU ARE WITH ME.
‐ I WANT TO BE WITH YOU FOREVER
AND EVER AND EVER.
[overlapping chatter]
‐ ALL RIGHT.
[laughter]
ALL RIGHT.
TO MR. AND MRS. SARACEN.
CHEERS, GUYS.
CONGRATULATIONS.
‐ I ALWAYS THOUGHT YOU'D
BE THE FIRST PERSON TO SAY THAT.
‐ THIS IS CRAZY.
LOOK AT US.
Y'ALL ARE ENGAGED.
I'M HALFWAY THROUGH COLLEGE.
KICKING ASS, BY THE WAY.
‐ AND I'M OUT ON GOOD BEHAVIOR.
‐ HEAR, HEAR TO THAT.
‐ SWEETNESS.
CHEERS ON THAT.
‐ HERE'S TO THAT.
‐ LET'S DANCE.
LET'S DO IT.
‐ BYE.
‐ COME ON.
‐ [sighs]
WHAT DO YOU SAY?
THIS FEELS RIGHT.
‐ YOU'RE JUST LONELY, TIM.
‐ NO, I'M NOT.
‐ I CAN'T DO THIS AGAIN
WITH YOU.
I GOT PLANS.
‐ I DON'T.
[cell phone rings]
‐ WHAT?
‐ HEY, STOP THAT.
‐ HONEY.
‐ STOP IT.
‐ CAN YOU TURN THAT OFF?
‐ MM‐MMM.
[sighs]
‐ [groans]
‐ WHAT?
‐ MORNING.
HEY, BUDDY JUNIOR'S
STAYING...
WITH ME EL PERMANENTE.
‐ WHAT THE HELL ARE YOU DOING?
‐ YEAH, HIS CAST COMES OFF
IN FOUR WEEKS.
HE'S REHABBING, HE'S GETTING
READY FOR SUMMER BALL,
AND THEN HE'LL BE READY
TO BE ON THE SUPER TEAM.
‐ YEAH, THAT'S GREAT.
WHY YOU CALLING THIS EARLY,
WAKING MY WHOLE DAMN
FAMILY UP?
‐ LISTEN, ANYWAY,
THEY WANTED ME TO TALK TO YOU
TO GET YOU TO SIGN
BEFORE YOU LEFT FOR THE GAME.
‐ SIGN WHAT?
‐ THE CONTRACT WITH WEST DILLON,
WITH THE PANTHERS.
SO I THOUGHT MAYBE I COULD JUST
STOP BY THE FIELD HOUSE
AND YOU COULD LOOK
OVER THE CONTRACT
AND SIGN IT AND THEN THAT'LL
JUST CLEAR YOUR MIND.
YOU CAN JUST FOCUS
ON THE STATE GAME.
YOU DON'T HAVE
TO THINK ABOUT ANYTHING.
THAT SOUND LIKE A PLAN?
‐ HEY, YOU KNOW WHAT?
DO ME A FAVOR.
DON'T EVER CALL ME AT THIS TIME
IN THE MORNING AGAIN.
I DON'T CARE WHAT YOU'VE
GOT TO TALK ABOUT.
YOU HEAR ME?
‐ OKAY.
SORRY I CALLED SO EARLY.
BYE.
‐ WHO IS THAT?
‐ WHO DO YOU THINK?
‐ I DON'T KNOW.
‐ BUDDY. THAT'S WHO IT IS.
THEY WANT ME TO SIGN
THE CONTRACT...
BEFORE I GO UP TO STATE.
‐ TODAY?
I'M TAKING GRACIE BELL
TO SEE SANTA CLAUS TODAY.
♪ ♪
[indistinct chatter]
[knock on door]
‐ MM‐HMM?
‐ COACH?
MY DAD'S STARTING ANOTHER
BUSINESS IN DALLAS,
SO AFTER THE SEMESTER,
I'M GONNA BE LIVING IN DALLAS.
I WON'T BE A PART OF YOUR
SUPER TEAM AFTER ALL.
‐ YOU'LL BE MISSED.
‐ COACH...
I CAN'T TELL YOU HOW MUCH THIS
SEASON'S MEANT TO ME.
BEING A PART
OF THE LIONS HAS BEEN
THE GREATEST EXPERIENCE
OF MY LIFE.
‐ I THINK IT'S BEEN MINE TOO.
I HAPPEN TO KNOW
THE COACH
DOWN THERE AT DALLAS WALKER
IF YOU HAVE ANY, UH‐‐
ANY INTEREST IN, UH‐‐
ME GIVING HIM A CALL AND
PUTTING A WORD IN FOR YOU.
‐ THANKS, COACH.
‐ CONSIDER IT DONE.
‐ APPRECIATE YOU.
THANKS.
‐ IT'S FOR THE TREE.
‐ I'M NOT THE TREE.
‐ COME HERE, I FOUND IT.
I KNEW I WOULD.
IN THAT BACK BEDROOM
UNDER ALL THAT JUNK.
OH!
JULIE, YOU'VE GOT
TO SEE THIS, HONEY.
OH, I'D FORGOTTEN
HOW PRETTY IT IS.
HUH?
HA‐HA!
‐ IT IS.
‐ I CAN'T BELIEVE
IT'S THIS WHITE.
LOOK AT IT.
OH, MAN.
‐ YOU KNOW, I THINK JULIE
MIGHT ACTUALLY WANT
TO GET HER OWN DRESS, GRANDMA.
‐ OH, NONSENSE.
THIS MIGHT NEED
A LITTLE WASHING...
‐ NONSENSE?
‐ BUT I CAN DO IT‐‐
I THINK I CAN DO IT
IN THE KITCHEN SINK.
OH, I'M SO GLAD I FOUND IT
FOR YOU, HONEY.
COULD I‐‐COULD I LOOK
AT THE RING ON YOU?
‐ YEAH.
‐ YOU LIKE IT?
‐ IT'S BEAUTIFUL,
MRS. SARACEN.
‐ I LOVE YOU.
‐ I LOVE YOU TOO.
‐ NOW I HAVE GOT TO LOOK
FOR SOME SHOES AND THE VEIL.
I DON'T KNOW.
I DON'T THINK‐‐
MY FEET HAVE ALWAYS
BEEN EXTRA SMALL.
‐ WELL, YOU JUST FIND 'EM
AND THEN WE'LL
CHECK IT OUT, OKAY?
‐ YEAH, WE'LL HAVE TO SEE.
‐ HEY.
WHAT'S THE MATTER?
‐ DO YOU THINK WE'RE
MAKING THE RIGHT DECISION?
I MEAN, WE'RE STILL REALLY YOUNG
AND EVERYTHING
MY MOM AND DAD SAID
AND WE DON'T EVEN LIVE
IN THE SAME STATE, MATT.
‐ JULIE, IT DOESN'T MATTER.
IT DOESN'T MATTER
IF WE LIVE IN THE SAME STATE.
DOESN'T MATTER HOW OLD WE ARE.
WE KNOW WE LOVE EACH OTHER.
AND WE KNOW WE'RE
PERFECT TOGETHER.
‐ YOU REALLY BELIEVE THAT?
‐ YEAH.
IT'S GONNA BE PERFECT.
‐ AAH! LOOK!
LOOKIE HERE!
‐ OH, WOW.
‐ WHAT DO YOU THINK?
[indistinct conversation]
‐ MISS MERRIWEATHER,
CAN I TALK TO YOU FOR A SECOND?
‐ YEAH, WHAT'S UP?
‐ COME HERE.
‐ WHAT?
WHAT YOU SMILING FOR?
‐ AT FIRST,
I HATED YOU ON THIS TEAM.
LOOK HOW FAR WE'VE COME.
WE'RE GETTING READY
TO GO TO STATE.
I FEEL LIKE ONE OF THE LUCKIEST
MEN IN THE WORLD
WHO GETS A CHANCE TO‐‐
WHO GETS A CHANCE TO SHARE
IT WITH HIS GIRLFRIEND.
I LOVE YOU.
I'M SO GLAD THAT YOU'RE
A PART OF THIS TEAM.
‐ I'M NOT SURE WHAT
I WANT TO DO YET.
BUT DON'T LAUGH.
I'M THINKING POLITICS.
ARE YOU LAUGHING RIGHT NOW?
‐ NOPE.
‐ INSIDE?
‐ NO.
‐ YES.
YES, TIM RIGGINS,
YOU ARE LAUGHING.
‐ NO, I'M NOT.
I'M NOT LAUGHING INSIDE.
‐ YOU ARE LYING TO ME
RIGHT NOW.
‐ OKAY, WHEN YOU SAY,
LIKE, POLITICS,
DO MEAN LIKE SARAH PALIN
KIND OF STUFF OR‐‐
‐ NO, YOU ASS.
OUT OF ALL PEOPLE,
REALLY?
NO, I'M THINKING MORE
ALONG THE LINES OF, UM, MRS. T.,
YOU KNOW, EXCEPT BIGGER.
‐ I CAN SEE THAT.
[sighs]
‐ TIM...
I'VE BEEN IN LOVE WITH YOU SINCE
I WAS FIVE YEARS OLD.
AND BEING HERE WITH YOU...
IT'S THE GREATEST FEELING
I'VE HAD IN A REALLY LONG TIME.
‐ ME TOO.
‐ IT SCARES THE HELL
OUT OF ME.
I HAVE DREAMS, TIM.
‐ I KNOW YOU DO.
I HAVE DREAMS TOO.
I'M GONNA BUILD A HOUSE EXACTLY
WHERE WE'RE SITTING.
I WILL GET A JOB.
AND I WILL NEVER
DO ANYTHING ILLEGAL
FOR THE REST OF MY LIFE.
GUARANTEED.
MAYBE ONE DAY, OUR DREAMS
CAN MERGE TOGETHER.
‐ SAY HI TO SANTA.
HI, SANTA.
THIS IS GRACIE BELL.
THERE YOU GO, HONEY.
‐ MERRY CHRISTMAS TO YOU,
SWEETIE.
‐ SMILE, HONEY.
AWW, SMILE, GRACIE BELL.
TELL SANTA WHAT YOU WANT
FOR CHRISTMAS.
OH, YOUR DADDY'S GONNA
LOVE THAT.
SMILE, GRACIE.
OH, MY LORD!
OH, MY LORD.
‐ HEY, HOW YOU DOING, KIDDO?
COME ON,
GET HER PICTURE NOW.
HEY, SANTA CLAUS.
‐ MY HANDS ARE SHAKING NOW.
‐ COME ON, SMILE.
SMILE. THERE YOU GO.
‐ ALL RIGHT, SMILE.
‐ ALL RIGHT.
THAT A GIRL.
‐ OKAY, WE GOT 'EM.
‐ THANK YOU, SANTA CLAUS.
‐ ALL RIGHT.
‐ CAN I TALK TO YOU
REAL QUICK?
‐ YOU SCARED ME HALF TO DEATH.
IS EVERYTHING OKAY?
‐ YEAH.
‐ YOU'RE SUPPOSED TO BE
ON YOUR WAY TO STATE.
WHAT'S GOING ON?
‐ I TURNED THE CONTRACT DOWN.
IT'S YOUR TURN.
I WANT TO GO TO PHILADELPHIA.
‐ REALLY, BABE?
‐ WILL YOU TAKE ME TO
PHILADELPHIA WITH YOU, PLEASE?
♪ ♪
[cheering, marching band plays]
[murmuring]
[cheering]
‐ YOU MAY NEVER KNOW
HOW PROUD I AM OF YOU.
‐ YOU CHANGED MY LIFE, COACH.
‐ Y'ALL READY?
‐ SIR.
‐ YES, SIR!
‐ DEAR HEAVENLY FATHER...
KEEP US AND PROTECT
US TONIGHT.
PLEASE ALLOW US TO TAKE THE
TALENTS THAT YOU'VE GIVEN US
AND USE THEM TO
THE VERY BEST THIS EVENING
AS A FAMILY...
AS ONE.
THINE IS THE KINGDOM,
THE POWER, AND THE GLORY
FOREVER AND EVER.
AMEN.
‐ AMEN!
[cheers and applause]
‐ EVERY SECOND THAT COME
OFF THAT CLOCK,
Y'ALL MAKE IT COUNT.
‐ YEAH!
‐ WHOO!
♪ ♪
‐ THIS HAS BEEN
AN ABSOLUTE WAR TONIGHT, FOLKS.
THE LIONS OF EAST DILLON
HAVE ONE LAST SHOT.
COACH TAYLOR IS OUT
OF TIME‐OUTS.
‐ 63 YARDS.
YOU'VE GOT TO GIVE
THE RECEIVERS TIME.
‐ YES, SIR.
‐ AND HERE WE GO,
LADIES AND GENTLEMEN.
VINCE HOWARD TO THE LINE.
IF THE DREAM IS GONNA HAPPEN,
IT HAS TO HAPPEN RIGHT NOW.
THIS IS FOR EVERYTHING.
♪ ♪
‐ ATTA BOY.
[whistle blows]
♪ ♪
‐ TEXAS FOREVER.
‐ DO YOU KNOW WHAT
I JUST REALIZED, FELLAS?
THAT IS WE GOT A LONG WAY
TO GO, GENTLEMEN.
A LONG WAY TO GO.
AND YOU KNOW WHAT?
I'M LOOKING FORWARD TO IT.
TONIGHT, YOU GO HOME,
YOU GET YOUR STUDIES DONE,
YOU GET YOUR REST,
'CAUSE YOU'RE GONNA BE BACK
HERE TOMORROW AT 6:00 A. M.
THAT MEANS NO LATER THAN 5:45.
UNDERSTOOD?
all: YES, SIR!
‐ CLEAR EYES.
FULL HEARTS.
AH, WE'LL DEAL
WITH THAT LATER.
GRAB A LAP.
HAVE A GOOD NIGHT, GENTLEMEN.
GOOD WORK TODAY.
[indistinct chatter]
‐ YOU READY TO GO HOME?
‐ YEAH, LET'S GO.